Add note about resolving scoped services during migration (#30377)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/migration/50-to-60.md

* The endpoint routing middleware wraps the entire middleware pipeline, therefore there's no need to have explicit calls to `UseRouting` or `UseEndpoints` to register routes. `UseRouting` can still be used to specify where route matching happens, but `UseRouting` doesn't need to be explicitly called if routes should be matched at the beginning of the middleware pipeline.
* The [pipeline](xref:fundamentals/middleware/index) is created before any <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IStartupFilter> runs, therefore exceptions caused while building the pipeline aren't visible to the `IStartupFilter` call chain.
* Some tools, such as EF migrations, use [`Program.CreateHostBuilder`](xref:fundamentals/host/generic-host) to access the app's `IServiceProvider` to execute custom logic in the context of the app. These tools have been updated to use a new technique to execute custom logic in the context of the app. [Entity Framework Migrations](/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/) is an example of a tool that uses `Program.CreateHostBuilder` in this way. We're working to make sure tools are updated to use the new model.

> * Unlike the `Startup` class, the minimal host does not automatically configure a DI scope when instantiating the service provider. For contexts where a scope is required, it is necessary to invoke <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceScope> with [IServiceScopeFactory.CreateScope](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceScopeFactory.CreateScope%2A) to instantiate a new scope. For more information, read [how to resolve a service at app startup](xref:fundamentals/dependency-injection#resolve-a-service-at-app-start-up).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unlike the `Startup` class, the minimal host doesn't automatically configure a DI scope when instantiating the service provider. For contexts where a scope is required, it is necessary to invoke <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceScope> with [IServiceScopeFactory.CreateScope](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceScopeFactory.CreateScope%2A) to instantiate a new scope. For more information, see [how to resolve a service at app startup](xref:fundamentals/dependency-injection#resolve-a-service-at-app-start-up).
```
